hey everybody clouds you tonight here
and today I'm doing a review on the
infamous bunny Blanc daughter of the
white rabbit from Wonderland and she is
of course an ever after high royal I
mean hello who wouldn't want to be the
white rabbit it says bunny Blanc this
royal ever after high
it says story inside and then we see
over here she has her profile art in a
cute little portrait her logo is a watch
or the stopwatch or the pocket watch
whatever I don't know I'm sorry I don't
know that terminology right on the side
it says ever after hi bunny Blanc
daughter of the white rabbit and as we
can see it looks somewhat like a book
like all the upper after high boxes on
the back it says bunny Blanc she's late
she's late she's not in a rush at all
chilled out laid back and never stressed
bunny is the future Royal Herald of
Wonderland but she knows that it's best
to take your time and look before you
leap maybe that's because even when the
clock is ticking she always winds up
where she needs to be and always on time
bunny is just lucky like that maybe her
to rep must be her to rabbit feet and
then her cute little profile art and
then down here we see Alistair Rosabella
and Faye Belle thorne
so this is bunny Blanc and now let's
unbox her here's bunny Zi box so we're
gonna start off with her accessories she
includes a comb which is the over after
high key the back is the comb she
includes her gold stand and of course
her signature bookmark and diary and
over here she has her purse which is a
pocket watch and it has like an actual
clock on the front and then on the back
it's just like a design
let's get it's a really pretty gold
design so let's start off at her bunny
ears so she has her bunny ears pointed
upwards or at least one of them was
pointed upwards whereas the other one is
pointed downwards and then she has her
little top hat which has a pocket bush
on it and it is a headband so it is
removable and everything it's nothing
stuck on her head she has platinum
blonde hair which is bangs and then the
hair is all gel that gets hairspray
together so it doesn't you know loosen
up or anything she has a purplish
eyeshadow with silver in the crease and
blue eyes and then she has hot pink lips
and her skin tone is is a fair pink
color it's almost like the Monster High
Draculaura doll
next she has faux fur right here which
is white of course
because she is bunny Blanc and then on
the inside she has a t-shirt which is
black and has a pink tie her Ascot there
the shoulder the top does have sleeves
and also a little denim vest which is
attached to the top neck she has a
bottom layer of the dress or the skirt
and that's a bunch of clocks and
stopwatches going all around and then an
Argyle
or like an Aztec looking print here it's
very geometrical and it's ruffled and
that is a mint green tone in case the
camera doesn't pick it up she does have
gloves on which are black and non
removable and she also has cuffs in
white and they're kind of detailed and
ruffled as we go down we see her boots
so she has boot heels and what it
appears to be is that they're just white
and then they have like you know the
buttons and then they have the rabbit
tail on the end and I can't make out
what the heel is but it looks somewhat
like an hourglass so let me try to get
focus on that
it looks like an hourglass to me and she
also includes earrings her earrings are
carats actually I don't know if you
noticed that they are carats and she has
the normal ears like it's not pointed or
anything and that is the ever after high
bunny Blanc tall hope you enjoyed this
review comment down below will you be
getting bunny belong Yes No maybe so
thanks for watching don't forget to like
this video like it comment and subscribe
thanks watching see ya